Welcome to the 200th Test Jar,
friends, in today's video we
will talk about ICICI Lombard job,
so here again a job has come up,
this is a customer support job and the
salary is also very high here, which is being
disclosed by the company,
you can get a salary of around 20 thousand 830 rupees, this is the salary, this is the
maximum, okay, this is every month,
secondly you can get a salary of around this much,
apart from this, friends, there is no pressure accident here,
you can play for two to four
years, apart from this, friends,
apart from this salary, you
can also generate extra income here, we will
tell you full information about how to do it and in what ways you can do it, so friends, let's move ahead
and before moving ahead, I request you
that if you are not on the World Channel, then do
subscribe to the channel,
also press the bell icon so that you get all the
upcoming chop notifications first.  So if
you want more digital changes or electronic jobs about this room button job,
apart from this job, if you have
any doubt in your mind then you
can also comment below this video or else you can send us information
through Facebook or WhatsApp or
through share chat in Telegram,
you can also get information by messaging us there,
so let's move ahead
and I want to talk to him that you
definitely watch our videos but you do
not subscribe, due to which
you do
not get notifications of videos regularly, see here
friends, 95 percent of the people who are subscribed here
watch it without subscribing, okay, there are some people, up to about four
percent, who also watch it
and some definitely subscribe, so
if you are new then definitely subscribe to the channel
so that you will definitely get information about all the upcoming
banking programs, okay,
friends, it is absolutely free from our side, there is
no charge for providing that job information, we provide you job information absolutely free  Whether it is
banking or non-banking, if you move ahead
then you can also choose the answer to the add number, we have
updated it on our website w.com,
so first of all our link will
open, look for jobs here,
open Redmi from here, you will get
an option of ICICI Lombard General Insurance, open it, so
keep watching this video till it completes,
I will tell you all the information about it, how to do it
and then I will tell you
how to get the job, you will be given complete information about it also,
you will get the answer to it in the insurance sector,
you will get it in the insurance department, the
definition of customer
support is here, you will get the
definition of customer relationship person, so here it is a
full time and permanent job,
its job role will be that you will have to do
plain mode on calling
and friends, you will have to generate listen here, along with this you can
apply pressure here, you can play this principle,
now start applying for this job,
ICICI is a good company
Here you used to do all the chart work
that today you have
more chances of getting a job in a company that if you
double it, then after that friends, it becomes
easy for you to get the next job,
not this here, graduates can update it,
salary friends, from 175 to
250 rupees, you will get tourists this year, in which
you knew that
around 20 thousand rupees is
available here, okay, the job location will be
friends, its Mumbai, if you are
watching from any location other than Mumbai location, then
please tell the location by commenting below,
I have made this video for your location, this
job, which Shoaib has done from his other
location also, you can watch it so that
next time you come to open Shirdi, it will be
easy for you to know how this job is done,
okay, it has to be done from one, so
your role here is I don't call and the
leaders you will have to follow the conversion,
only in this, friends, here
you will have to tell the product and benefit of the customer, okay,
office closes Delhi Thursday, target  It is
for delivery and as the reminders decrease, it will have to be
acidified, it will have to be done chilli, there
is no other force here but if you
do this then you can generate one time income,
apart from the salary,
you can earn everything here at this time, there is
Redmi employment from Ayodhya, so
if you ever go for your interview
in this number, then before going, friends, you should
update your resume, apart from this,
friends, you should bring all these letters here, PAN
card, last mediator,
because whatever happens now, they
release the offer letter in a single day,
you have everything in two days, so
this film open letter was sent,
so if you never miss the opportunity, then
you should take all these documents and through it
viral friends, you have to
contact the area directly, similarly the
department is given a number here,
call and WhatsApp
for mobile location and after completing your resume,
you can join here, this was all that Prabhu
told in the video, please
share and subscribe, thank you